and I think in the mind of Hogan oszi
Kazarian in here and Kazarian czar
hurdle for RVD but he's a hurdle with a
golden opportunity because not only does
RVD have to go through Kazarian Nick
Hogan looks at this as Kazarian chance
to permanently put himself on the
wrestling map because a win over RVD
that could be a career changer for
Kosair and listen look like since
Kazarian has joined fortune he has just
been a different competitor an amazing
competitor really has upped his game and
can you imagine if cuz Harry could get
the win here on Van Dam and put out Van
Dam's opportunity at Jeff Hardy's title
haven't been with deaf people emotion
elevation on the monkey flip out of the
quarter where did he land me
we've got that was awesome
couple of monkey flips that was sick I
think this situation with RVD we saw the
match with Tommy Dreamer as he cashes
right down under the pen well that was
not that caught will for that back
moonsault
you know dad to talk about the focus of
RVD coming off the match with dreamer I
think he finally realizes his true enemy
is Jeff Hardy he can concentrate on on
getting his revenge back and also his
TNA World Heavyweight Championship that
RVD never lost in the first place
oh there's no argument about that van
there did not ever lose his title we
heard Rob sitting at the top of the show
right the Hardys face let me then listen
and this is a different kind of a
different all VD here you can just sense
his confidence level has risen you can
just see it from his body language just
that paranoia has probably escaped his
body much like this the paranoia would
escape his mind not in the body
did you get my point or maybe you know
please but anyway the incredible lower
body strength of RVD the amazing series
of lethal kicks has dominated the early
going but the quickness of Kazarian
which an owl as he goes to the top of
the crossbody and you saw the contact
made a senior official Earl Hebner I'll
have a cot in the right spot I thinking
and verbally right there Kazarian for
both Van Damme and now Malcolm look at
but what will Flair now
yeah no coincidence as soon as the
referee Earl Hebner goes down Flair out
with a steel chair and what's that we're
about to break wait hold on it it's
right at all Rhino he just knocked the
chair right out of Eric out right out of
Ric Flair's hands and now but it's rhino
his contract his fuck
it just hit the GAR on rock band down
exploded right into Van Damme and
Kazarian why it's going to get the win
here winner the Murano just cost their
den an opportunity at the TNA World
title
but rhinos contractors this past Sunday
expired at midnight
fuckin Erica Mullins didn't reopen what
the hell is he doing here
something tells me Tommy Dreamer he
wants an answer to the same question Taz